Lucien: TIME FOR YOU
TO REST IN PIECES!
[CHUCKLES]
AND NOW...
WITNESS THE POWER
OF THE REAPER!
WITH THE LORD OF
DARKNESS BY MY SIDE,
I CAN DRAW
ANY CARD I WANT!
AREN'T YOU DYING
TO KNOW WHICH ONE?
WELL, WAIT NO MORE!
'CAUSE MY ULTIMATE COMBO
IS FINALLY COMPLETE!
[SCREAMS]
WHOA, MAN,
TAKE IT EASY!
I'M JUST IN THIS
FOR THE MEDALS!
ALL RIGHT...
PREPARE TO MEET
YOUR MAKER!
[SINISTER LAUGHTER]
[SCREAMS]
[LAUGHS]
THERE'S NO WAY I'LL
LOSE THE GX TOURNAMENT
WITH THIS DECK!
Distorted voice:
WELL DONE, LUCIEN.
THOUGH I PRAY YOU
HAVEN'T FORGOTTEN
OUR PACT.
OF COURSE NOT.
A DEAL'S A DEAL
AFTER ALL.
BUT YOU HAVE TO
KEEP YOUR WORD.
YOU GIVE ME VICTORY,
AND I'LL GIVE
YOU MY SOUL!
[CHUCKLES]
I HAVE TO WIN.
ALL IN GOOD TIME.
BUT FIRST,
YOU MUST REST.
GOOD IDEA.
AHA!
I THOUGHT
I HEARD YOU!
THIS GAMES ON!
[GASPS]
[SCREAMS]
SAM HILL!
UH, HI?
[GROWLS]
I THINK I HAVE
THE WRONG FOREST!
[GASPING]
WHAT WAS THAT, A GHOST?
Chazz: NOT QUITE.
HUH?
THE GRIM REAPER.
GRIM REAPER?
COME ON.
SEE FOR YOURSELF.
OH!
I HEARD ABOUT IT WHEN
I WAS AT NORTH ACADEMY.
IT WAS SUPPOSED
TO BE LOCKED AWAY.
BUT SOMEONE LET HIM OUT!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪&
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[SNORING]
CHECK IT OUT.
LUCIEN GRIMLEY.
HE'S A STUDENT
FROM THE NORTH.
Lucien: NORTH ACADEMY!
[GRUNTS]
WHERE'S MY DECK?
CHILL OUT.
IT'S RIGHT
HERE, BRO!
[GRUNTS]
HANDS OFF! IT'S ALL MINE.
RELAX. IT WAS
IN GOOD HANDS.
THAT'S ENOUGH!
WHOA, TALK
ABOUT GRUMPY!
YOU NEED SOME
MORE SLEEP.
WE CAN'T ALL BE
AS HAPPY AS YOU.
[GASPS]
ARE YOU JADEN?!
THEN YOU MUST
BE CHAZZ!
THE CHAZZ.
I'VE HEARD
ABOUT YOU, KID.
YOU'RE LEADING
THIS TOURNAMENT,
AREN'T YA?!
WELL, NOT FOR LONG!
MY DECK IS
UNBEATABLE!
FEEL LIKE
LOSING?
I'VE HEARD
THAT BEFORE.
WHAT MAKES YOU SPECIAL?
SIMPLE...
MY CARD!
WHAT DID YOU
DO WITH IT?!
TELL ME!
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE DEALING WITH!
YEAH, THAT'S
THE WHOLE POINT.
BUT IT'S BEEN
TAKEN CARE OF.
YOU'RE NOT GOING
ANYWHERE, MR. REAPER!
AS LONG AS I'M IN CHARGE...
WE'RE GONNA BE DOING
THINGS MY WAY!
YA GOT THAT, PAL?!
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING
USING THAT CARD!?
IT'S TOO DANGEROUS!
[GROWLS]
I DON'T CARE!
DON'T CARE?!
DON'T YOU REALIZE
YOU UNLOCKED A POWER
YOU CAN'T CONTROL?
I'VE HEARD THE LEGEND!
FIRST YOU WIN
THE DUEL...
THEN YOU LOSE
YOUR SOUL!
REALLY?!
THAT'S RIGHT.
WHY'D YA THINK
IT WAS LOCKED AWAY?
I'M TELLING YA,
THAT CARD IS EVIL!
SO THAT THING
WE SAW OUTSIDE,
IT WAS THE REAL
GRIM REAPER?!
THAT'S RIGHT, KID.
HERE'S THE DEAL...
NOT AGAIN!
[GRUNTS]
NICE DECK!
TRY BUILDING ONE THAT
ACTUALLY HAS A CHANCE!
ONE CARD.
THAT'S ALL THAT
I NEED TO WIN.
HA!
YOU NEED A LOT MORE
THAN THAT, BUDDY!
PERHAPS YOU SHOULD
STICK TO "GO FISH!"
[LAUGHTER]
AT THAT MOMENT,
I MADE A CHOICE:
YOU WANT TO
BE GREAT,
THEN GET SOME HELP!
SERIOUSLY?
YOU CALL A DEAL
WITH GRIM REAPER
GETTING HELP?
SO WHAT?!
WHAT'S A MEASLY SOUL
COMPARED TO WINNING?
'CAUSE THE REAPER
PROMISED ME VICTORY!
LUCIEN, ARE
YOU ALL RIGHT?
HARVESTER OF SOULS,
RETURN TO MY DECK!
HEAR ME?!
IF YOU WANT MY SOUL,
THEN KEEP YOUR PROMISE
AND BRING ME VICTORY NOW!
[GASPS]
[SCREAMS]
GREAT CESAR'S GHOST!
HUH?
CROWLER?!
OH!
SORRY, BOSS.
BUT DID YOU
REALLY THINK I COULD
STOP THE REAPER?!
[GROWLS]
THANKS FOR NOTHING!
EXCELLENT!
I KNEW HE'D FIND
HIS WAY BACK!
WAIT!
HUH?! LUCIEN?
RIGHT HERE,
JADEN!
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
WHAT DO
YOU THINK?!
RIGHT NOW, YOU'RE
IN FIRST PLACE.
BUT THE MOMENT
THAT I BURY YOU...
I'LL TAKE THE LEAD!
FINE!
AND USE ALL
THE MAGIC YOU WANT!
I'VE GOT EVERYTHING
I COULD NEED RIGHT HERE!
[CHUCKLES]
LET'S DUEL!
Jaden: ALL RIGHT,
LUCIEN,
TIME TO GET
YOUR GAME ON!
SWEET!
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO CLAYMAN
IN DEFENSE MODE!
THAT'S ONE.
HUH?
WHATEVER.
NOW I PLAY A FACEDOWN.
YOUR TURN, BRO.
THAT'S CARD
NUMBER TWO.
LOOK! THEY STARTED!
AND IT'S HIS TURN!
DON'T TELL ME YOU
BELIEVE ALL THAT HOOEY
ABOUT WINNING
THE DUEL IN ONE TURN?!
IT'S TRUE.
JUST WATCH.
THE GRIM REAPER
ALLOWS HIM
TO DRAW ANY
CARD HE WANTS.
MY MOVE!
STAND BACK!
I PLAY MY TEMPTATION OF
THE GODDESS SPELL CARD!
NOW I GET TO
LOOK AT YOUR HAND
AND THEN FORCE YOU
TO SUMMON ANY MONSTER
I CHOOSE TO YOUR SIDE.
NOW, DEARLY DEPARTED,
UNVEIL YOUR CARDS.
[GROANS]
SPARKMAN OUGHT TO DO!
[THINKING]
WHAT'S THIS GUY
UP TO, ANYWAY?
3 CARDS...
NEXT I ACTIVATE THIS...
MISCHIEF OF
THE GODDESS!
SO I GET TO SEE
YOUR HAND AGAIN.
AND IF I SPY
A SPELL CARD...
IT GOES FACEDOWN.
AND I SEEM
TO REMEMBER ONE.
IT'S YOUR
BURST IMPACT!
HOW IS THIS HELPING HIM?
[CHUCKLES]
THAT'S 4!
I'M AFRAID ALL
YOUR LIFE POINTS
ARE ABOUT TO
BECOME DECEASED!
COME AGAIN?!
WAIT!
STOP THE DUEL,
SOLDIER!
Lucien: TOO LATE!
NOW LET
THE CREMATION BEGIN!
I ACTIVATE MY
SLASH DRAW SPELL!
NOW FOR EVERY CARD
ON THE FIELD...
I CAN SEND ONE FROM MY
DECK INTO THE GRAVEYARD.
THEN I DRAW AGAIN.
AND IF IT'S SLASH DRAW,
THEN ALL FIELD CARDS
ARE DESTROYED!
AND HERE'S THE PART I SAVOR:
YOU LOSE 1,000
LIFE POINTS FOR EVERY ONE!
[GRUNTS]
[LAUGHS]
HOLD ON!
THERE'RE 4
CARDS OUT THERE!
BUT IF THAT'S THE CASE
HE'LL LOSE
4,000 POINTS!
IF LUCIEN PICKS
SLASH DRAW,
IT'S ALL OVER.
REST IN PEACE, DORK.
HMM. GIVE ME A BREAK!
THERE'S NO WAY YOU'LL
DRAW THAT CARD AGAIN!
[CHUCKLES]
WHO SAID I'M DRAWING IT?
THE POWER OF
THE GRIM REAPER
WILL EXTRACT
IT FOR ME!
[GROANS]
REAPER OF SOULS,
COME FORTH FROM THE SHADOWS
AND GRANT ME VICTORY!
MY PRICE...
IS YOUR SOUL!
VERY WELL.
AGREED!
[REAPER LAUGHS]
NOW, FAREWELL!
[SCREAMS]
JADEN!
[GROWLS]
THAT'S IT. GAME OVER.
NICE TRY, KID.
BUT YOUR MEDALS
ARE MINE.
YOU STILL
HAVE POINTS?!
OF COURSE.
THANKS TO THIS!
SEE I HAD ANOTHER
FACEDOWN CARD!
IT'S CALLED HERO MEDAL,
AND INSTEAD OF
GOING TO THE GRAVE,
IT GOES TO MY HAND.
AND THEN I GET TO
DRAW ANOTHER CARD
FROM MY DECK!
WHAT DO YA KNOW?
LOOKS LIKE SLASH
DRAW ONLY WORKS
IF THE CARD GOES
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
SO THAT'S WHY JADEN
ONLY LOSES 3,000 POINTS!
WAY TO PLAY!
WHAT?!
MY ONE ROUND WIN
NEVER FAILS!
NO WORRIES, BRO.
YOU CAN JUST RENAME IT
THE TWO ROUND WIN!
[GROWLS]
OF COURSE, I DON'T PLAN
ON LOSING THEN EITHER!
ZIP IT!
HOW DARE YOU
MOCK THE REAPER!
NOW, ON WITH
YOUR DESTRUCTION!
I PLAY FOOTSTEPS
OF THE GODDESS!
THIS FORCES YOU TO SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN!
YOU WANT IT,
YOU GOT IT!
[GROWLS]
NOW I GET TO PLAY
A MONSTER ALSO...
AS LONG AS IT HAS FEWER
THAN 1,500 ATTACK POINTS.
HERE TO SAY
A FEW WORDS...
IS INVINCIBLE
DEMISE LORD!
MAYBE THIS IS
A TWO ROUND WIN!
YOUR MOVE!
FINALLY!
NICE!
I DREW JUST
WHAT I NEEDED...
WITHOUT
THE REAPER'S HELP!
SO I USE POLYMERIZATION
TO I FUSE AVIAN
WITH BURSTINATRIX!
SO, PLEASE GIVE
A WARM WELCOME
TO ELEMENTAL HERO
FLAME WINGMAN!
NOW ATTACK...
INFERNAL RAGE!
[GRUNTS]
AND THAT'S NOT ALL!
BECAUSE OF
HIS EFFECT,
WINGMAN GETS
ONE MORE ATTACK!
A DIRECT ONE!
[GASPS]
[SCREAMS]
AWESOME!
DON'T FEAR
THE REAPER, SON!
THAT ENDS MY TURN.
DO HAVE ANY IDEA
HOW LUCKY YOU ARE?!
HUH?
OF COURSE NOT.
YOU DREW EXACTLY
WHAT YOU NEEDED...
THE ONLY COMBO THAT
COULD BEAT MY LORD.
LUCKY!
THAT'S ALL YOU ARE!
AND LUCK IS SOMETHING
I NEVER HAD!
IT'S MORE
THAN JUST LUCK!
HE DRAWS WHAT
HE NEEDS
'CAUSE HE BELIEVES
IN HIS DECK!
YEAH, WELL I
ALREADY TRIED THAT!
BUT THEN I LEARNED
THAT BELIEVING ISN'T ENOUGH.
ONLY THE POWER
OF THE REAPER
CAN HELP ME WIN!
MY DAYS OF HAVING
BAD LUCK ARE OVER!
NOW, I CAN DRAW
WHATEVER CARD I NEED,
AND THAT'S WORTH WAY
MORE THAN MY SOUL!
YOU'RE JUST JEALOUS BECAUSE
THE REAPER BELONGS TO ME!
NOW WATCH THIS!
THANKS TO HIS ABILITY,
MY DEMISE LORD
RETURNS FROM THE GRAVE,
AND HE'S MORE
POWERFUL THAN EVER!
[ROARS]
'CAUSE HE COMES BACK
WITH AN ATTACK
STRENGTH OF 3,000!
[GROWLS]
[SHRIEKING]
[WHIMPERING]
THESE THINGS
ARE HOLOGRAMS, RIGHT?
'CAUSE I'M
A LITTLE SCARED.
IT GETS WORSE!
NOW, DEMISE LORD,
ATTACK!
[GRUNTING]
[LAUGHS]
WHAT'S THIS?
HAS YOUR GOOD LUCK
STREAK FINALLY ENDED?
WHY DON'T WE JUST SEE
WHAT YOUR NEXT
DRAW BRINGS YOU!
FINE!
HERE GOES!
TO START,
I'LL SUMMON THIS...
MY DANDELION
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND NEXT, I'LL THROW
DOWN A FACEDOWN...
AND END MY TURN.
[CHUCKLES]
HOW SAD.
EVEN THE GREAT
JADEN YUKI
COULDN'T DRAW WHAT
HE NEEDED THIS TIME.
[SCOFFS]
DON'T BE SURE!
DANDELION MIGHT
JUST SURPRISE YOU!
I DOUBT IT!
THAT WEED
IS WORTHLESS!
AND THANKS TO THIS,
IT'S ABOUT TO DECOMPOSE
ALONG WITH YOUR
LIFE POINTS!
SPELL REPRODUCTION!?
DOESN'T THAT LET
YOU BRING A SPELL
BACK FROM THE GRAVE?!
AS A MATTER
OF FACT, IT DOES!
AND IF YOU'VE BEEN
PAYING ATTENTION,
THEN YOU KNOW
WHAT I CHOOSE...
MY SLASH DRAW!
ALL I NEED TO DO
IS DRAW ONE MORE.
HE MUST HAVE ANOTHER
SLASH DRAW CARD
IN HIS DECK!
AND HE'S GONNA USE
THE GRIM REAPER TO GET IT!
WHICH MEANS HE'S
ABOUT TO WIN THIS!
Jaden:
WRONG, CHAZZ!
SAY WHAT?!
LUCIEN'S NOT GONNA
USE THE REAPER!
HE'S GONNA DO
THIS ON HIS OWN!
HUH?!
YOU JUST HAVE
FAITH IN YOUR DECK,
LIKE ME, AND YOU
CAN DRAW ANYTHING!
WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT ME?!
MORE THAN YOU THINK.
FOR ONE, I KNOW
THAT YOU'RE AFRAID.
SO MUCH SO THAT
YOU MADE A DEAL
WITH THE GRIM REAPER!
[GROWLS]
BUT YOU DON'T
NEED HIM, BRO!
IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU!
TRUST ME.
THE SECRET TO DUELING
IS ABOUT BELIEVING,
NOT ABOUT GETTING LUCKY!
YEAH, WELL...
THAT'S AN EASY THING
FOR SOMEONE
LIKE YOU TO SAY!
JUST THINK...
YOU ALWAYS DRAW
THE EXACT CARD
THAT YOU'RE
HOPING TO GET!
AND YOU WILL, TOO!
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO
IS BELIEVE THAT YOU CAN!
I KNOW YOU HAVE
IT IN YOU!
I USED TO,
BUT NOT ANYMORE!
[GRUNTS]
BACK THEN, EVERYTHING
WAS DIFFERENT.
THIS IS MY BEST DECK!
HA HA.
THIS COMBO'S
GONNA CRUSH ANYONE
WITH THE GUTS
TO FACE ME!
I'M GONNA BE A STAR!
I'LL BE THE BEST!
I'LL CALL IT
"THE ONE-ROUND WIN!"
AND IT'S GONNA TAKE
ME TO THE TOP!
[THINKING]
BACK THEN, I HAD
FAITH IN MY DECK!
I DUELED WITH THE SAME
CONFIDENCE THAT JADEN DOES!
Reaper: AND WHAT
DID THAT GET YOU?
NOTHING BUT LOSS
AND EMBARRASSMENT.
WITHOUT MY HELP,
YOUR COMBO
WILL NEVER WORK!
[GROWLS]
HE'S RIGHT!
I HAVE NO CHOICE.
SO I ACTIVATE
MY SLASH DRAW!
AND SINCE THERE ARE
3 CARDS ON THE FIELD...
3 OF MINE ARE SENT
RIGHT TO THE GRAVEYARD.
AND THEN I DRAW A CARD!
[GRUNTING]
FIGHT IT.
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO
IS BELIEVE IN
YOUR DECK AND DRAW!
LUCIEN, YOU DON'T
NEED THE GRIM REAPER!
[GASPS]
Reaper: DO NOT LISTEN
TO THAT FOOL!
DRAW WITH THE HAND
THAT'S POWERED BY ME!
IT WILL DELIVER VICTORY
TO YOU AND YOUR SOUL TO ME!
JADEN, YOU WERE RIGHT!
Reaper: WHAT?!
REAPER...
YOU'RE THROUGH!
I DON'T NEED
YOU TO WIN!
I HAVE FAITH
IN MY CARDS NOW!
OUR AGREEMENT
IS NULL AND VOID!
AND MY SOUL IS
STAYING RIGHT HERE!
Reaper: NO!
[GASPS]
Lucien: TIME TO DRAW!
WHAT'S HE DOING?
IMPRESSIVE MANEUVER!
LOOKS LIKE HE'S
GONNA DRAW WITH
HIS OTHER HAND!
[SHOUTS]
WAY TO GO!
I KNEW THE REAL LUCIEN
WAS IN THERE SOMEWHERE!
THANKS, JADEN.
YOU SAVED ME.
OF COURSE, I'M
STILL GONNA WIN!
AND NOW...
I'LL DRAW THIS
CARD ON MY OWN!
YES!
IN YOUR FACE,
GRIM REAPER!
I DREW SLASH DRAW!
Lucien: THIS DUEL'S OVER!
Jaden: NOW THAT'S HOW
YOU DRAW A CARD!
I WOULD'VE LOST...
IF IT HADN'T BEEN
FOR MY TRAP!
THAT'S RIGHT, BRO!
YOU ACTIVATED IT
WHEN YOU PLAYED
YOUR SPELL CARD!
HAVE YOU EVER HEARD
OF EMERGENCY EVASION?!
IT REMOVED EVERY
CARD FROM MY FIELD
BEFORE YOU COULD
DESTROY 'EM!
NO WAY!
NICE TACTIC!
WELL, I GUESS
IT WAS OK.
AW, COME ON...
YOU'RE MAKING
ME BLUSH!
IMPRESSIVE.
THE DUEL GOES ON.
I WAS HAVING TOO MUCH FUN
TO LET IT END SO SOON!
SO I GUESS IT'S MY TURN.
NOT QUITE.
YOU SAID THAT I SHOULD
HAVE SOME FAITH, RIGHT?
I DO!
AND THAT'S WHY
I'M NOT DONE YET!
REMEMBER HIM?!
MY DEMISE LORD'S
STILL IN PLAY!
SO YOU KNEW
I'D SURVIVE!
THAT'S WHY YOU KEPT
YOUR DEMISE LORD AROUND!
[CHUCKLES]
THAT'S RIGHT.
DEMISE LORD,
TAKE HIM OUT!
HEY, I'VE GOT
FAITH, TOO!
WHAT?
MY EMERGENCY EVASION
HAS ANOTHER EFFECT!
ALL THOSE CARDS
IT REMOVED
COME RIGHT BACK
TO THE FIELD!
[GASPS]
BUT I HAVE TO DRAW
THE SAME TYPE OF
CARD THAT I REMOVED!
SO I GUESS IT ALL
COMES DOWN TO THIS.
MONSTER, I WIN.
I GET ANYTHING ELSE...
I'M A GONER!
SOUNDS GOOD.
NOW DON'T FORGET...
DRAWING ISN'T
ABOUT LUCK,
IT'S ABOUT BELIEVING
IN YOUR DECK!
A GOOD FRIEND ONCE
TAUGHT ME THAT.
HERE GOES!
I HAVEN'T LOST MY TOUCH!
SO I GET
A MONSTER BACK!
[ROARS]
HA HA HA!
DANDELION?!
JUST LOOK AT HIM!
HE CAN'T STOP ME!
WELL, THEN...
GO AHEAD AND ATTACK!
OK, YOU ASKED FOR IT!
[GROANING]
THANKS A LOT!
'CAUSE WHEN
HE'S DESTROYED...
I GET TWO
FLUFF TOKENS!
YEAH, SO?
WHAT CAN THEY DO?
GLAD YOU ASKED.
NOW WATCH!
READY?
I'LL SACRIFICE
MY TOKENS...
TO PLAY THIS!
ELEMENTAL
HERO NEOS!
WELL, IT WAS
A VALIANT EFFORT...
BUT LOOK!
MY DEMISE LORD HAS
MORE ATTACK POINTS!
FOR NOW.
BUT I PLAY...
MY NEOS FORCE SPELL!
SO, NEOS GETS A BOOST...
AN 800-ATTACK
POINT BOOST!
HE'S GOT OVER
3,000 POINTS!
NEOS, ATTACK!
FINISH HIM OFF
WITH COSMIC CRUSH!
BULL'S-EYE!
OH, AND THERE'S MORE!
THANKS TO HIS ABILITY,
YOUR DEMISE LORD'S
ATTACK POINTS
ARE AUTOMATICALLY
SUBTRACTED FROM YOUR SCORE!
[GASPS]
[SCREAMS]
HE DID IT!
OF COURSE,
HE DID!
BIG DEAL.
THAT'S GAME!
WE GOTTA DO THIS
AGAIN SOMETIME!
YOU GOT YOURSELF
A DEAL, JADEN.
AND SPEAKING OF DEALS,
IT LOOKS LIKE MY PACT
WITH THE GRIM REAPER IS OFF!
THANKS, JADEN.
YOU RESTORED MY
FAITH IN MY DECK.
AND I PROMISE,
I'LL NEVER LOSE
TRUST IN MY CARDS...
OR MYSELF AGAIN.
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪